- [Instructor] Now we're going to create an object.
In this case, a simple file to store in our S3 bucket.
Now I don't want to give an indication that files,
individual text files, for instance, are the only
things that you can store.
You can store files and binary objects as big
or as small as you want.
For the purposes of this course, a simple file will be fine.
So what I'd like you to do is to jump in to any text editor.
I'm just going to use VI in my terminal.
Go and open up your text editor and create a file
called file1.txt
and we're just going to put some simple data in here.
We'll save that file.
Now we're going to go to our web browser.
And I've already loaded up the S3 console.
We'll select the bucket that we created
in the previous video.
You'll see that there's no data here.
What I want you to do is click the upload button.
Now, if you have JavaScript enabled you can drag and drop
that file onto here or, as I'm going to do,
click add files, you'll see that you're presented
with a finder window.
Navigate to the desktop and select your text files.
In this case, it's a 23 byte file.
Go ahead and click next.
You'll see that you have a whole bunch of options.
You can set permissions up for the file that differ
from the bucket if you would like to.
For the purposes of right now, we're just going to leave it
as is for the owner and the users.
Please note here in the middle section that you can
actually add access to a user in another account
if you wish to do that.
We don't have public permissions on so
we're going to hit next.
Now we come up with our properties.
Now these properties have different costs associated
with them and it's based on the storage of this file.
Read through these, you'll see that there's
intelligent tiering, there's onezone, there's glacier,
and they kind of give you some indication
of when you should use each one of these.
We're just going to select the standard storage class
and go ahead and hit next.
Review everything and then click upload.
Now as this does this you'll see that we now have
a file listed in our bucket within the S3 console.
Go ahead and select that file and click download.
Now that file should download in your web browser.
I'm going to go ahead and open that file.
You'll see that my text editor has opened up
with that file and it is completely intact which is
as we would expect.
But it's always nice to give yourself a little bit
of a confidence boost to say that what you sent
is what you downloaded.
And this really becomes important when you're dealing
with automated processes, you do want to occasionally
check your uploaded files, especially during development,
to make sure that what you created is indeed
what you uploaded.
And don't just say yeah, a file exists,
you really should look at it and make sure
the content is correct.
That's all we need to do to upload a file.
But let's jump back into here and now we're going to go
and delete this file.
So you'll see when I close this cover
that in addition to downloading it
I have a whole set of actions.
Take a look at the actions that are available,
you can open it, you can download it, you can get it sized,
its encryption, you can add tags, you can rename,
delete, copy, again, a whole bunch of options
are available for your file.
For right now let's just select delete,
it's going to confirm that we do want to delete this file.
Hit delete, and the file is gone,
and now our bucket is empty.